Audible | Listen to Audiobooks, Podcasts, & Originals Based on your location you have been directed to audible.com Do you want to go to audible.co.jp ? Prime Member Exclusive | $0.99/mo for 4 months + $20 Audible credit $8.99/mo thereafter—terms apply. Help English Español Change marketplace Sign in Audiobooks Podcasts Audible Originals Latino and Hispanic voices All categories Plans & Pricing Bestsellers Coming Soon New Releases Best of the Year Best of #BookTok Plus Catalog Gifts Help Center About Audible Blog Sales & Deals Audible for Business Accessibility PRIME MEMBER EXCLUSIVE OFFER Only $0.99/mo for the first 4 months + $20 Audible Credit Get this deal See all plans Auto-renews at $8.99/mo after 4 months. Offer ends October 7, 2026 at 11:59 PT. Cancel anytime. Prime member offer Only $0.99/mo for the first 3 months + $20 Audible Credit Save over 80% on Audible Standard Get this deal Auto-renews at $8.99/mo after 3 months. Offer ends October 7, 2026 at 11:59 PT. Cancel anytime. Not a Prime member? $0.99/mo for 3 months The Calamity Club Try for $0.00 Auto renews for $8.99 a month after 30 days. Cancel anytime. The Calamity Club Read as many books as you can hear Bestsellers, new releases, exclusives, and Audible Originals The Calamity Club By: Kathryn Stockett Dungeon Crawler Carl By: Matt Dinniman Verity By: Colleen Hoover Carl's Doomsday Scenario By: Matt Dinniman The Dungeon Anarchist's Cookbook By: Matt Dinniman The Gate of the Feral Gods By: Matt Dinniman Mad Mabel By: Sally Hepworth The Butcher's Masquerade By: Matt Dinniman Threshing Day (Wing and Claw Collection) By: Rebecca Yarros Theo of Golden By: Allen Levi The Eye of the Bedlam Bride By: Matt Dinniman The Love Hypothesis By: Ali Hazelwood This Inevitable Ruin By: Matt Dinniman A Parade of Horribles By: Matt Dinniman Swan Song By: Charles Spencer Yesteryear: A GMA Book Club Pick By: Caro Claire Burke Big Little Truths: Reese's Book Club By: Liane Moriarty Whistler By: Ann Patchett The Infinite Extent By: Dennis E. Taylor Protocols By: Andrew D. Huberman Ph.D. Harry Potter The Full Cast Audio Editions Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows (Full-Cast Edition) By: J.K. Rowling New genres that make you take the long way home From epic stories to self-improvement, there are audiobooks for everyone. Literature & Fiction Sci-Fi & Fantasy Comedy & Humour Mystery & Thriller Romance Children Self Development Teen Education Arts & Entertainment Health & Wellness Science & Engineering Only from Audible Groundbreaking Originals and exclusives from A-list celebs and emerging talent. Love audiobooks? You'll Love Audible. Transform your day Replace endless scrolling with unlimited listening. Chores can be fun. Reach your reading goals From daily commutes to epic road trips, go with the best in audio entertainment. Carry your entire Library Your stories go where you go. Audiobooks don't weigh a thing. Listen and learn Discover stories that can change your mind, your well-being, and your life. Listen everywhere Download titles to listen offline, wherever you are in the world. Find your niche With thousands of titles to explore, there’s something for everyone. Try for $0.00 An app designed for how you listen Find the right speed Use player controls to slow down the narration or pick up the pace. Set a timer Perfect for winding down or multitasking. Timer pauses your story for you. Listen with Car Mode Listen on the go with bigger, simplified controls and a screen that never sleeps. Listen anytime, anywhere Download titles and listen offline, wherever you are. What our members are saying Real customers, real quotes. Ronnie S. "Audible offers a truly fantastic way to enjoy books. It allows for a wonderful "reading" experience through immersive audio narration." Jennifer S. "Audible has been a great experience for me, especially because of the Audible-only titles that make the library feel unique and worth exploring." Patrick B. "I really enjoy the variety of Audible experiences. It's so simple to acquire an Audible book. I can begin to listen right away. Keep up the great work Audible!!" Joe V. "Traffic doesn't feel like wasted time anymore; I'm immersed in great stories or learning about things I'm truly passionate about." April S. "Audible helps me get through my day whether I am working, showering, doing chores, shopping, exercising or just chilling." Frequently asked questions How does the free trial work? Eligible new members can sign up for a free trial anytime. During your free trial, you can enjoy the same benefits as a paying member. When your trial is over, you’ll be automatically charged a monthly subscription fee. You can cancel anytime. What do I get with a monthly Audible membership? As a Standard member, you can select 1 audiobook a month from our entire collection. You can listen to your selected audiobooks for as long as you’re a member, and purchase additional audiobooks for the full price. As a Premium member, you’ll get 1 credit a month to buy any title you like from our entire collection. This title is yours to keep, even if you cancel your membership. Credits rollover month to month until they expire or membership is cancelled. You’ll also get access to thousands of included titles in the all-you-can-listen catalogue and you can access Premium member-only sales and exclusive discounts on additional audiobook purchases. How much does Audible cost? Audible Standard is $8.99 per month Audible Premium Plus is $14.95 per month Each plan offers a 30-day free trial to new members. When your trial is over, you’ll be automatically charged a monthly subscription fee. Visit our Plans & pricing page to learn more. Do I have to commit for any period of time? There are no commitments. You can easily cancel your membership at anytime. All titles purchased with a credit are yours to keep forever. Help Center Contact Us Conditions of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Cookies Accessibility United States (English) License Your ads privacy choices Audible for Business © Copyright 1997 - 2026 Audible, Inc